Fixed yes, no changing to boolean (#409)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog
* Fixed a bug in the **download** command when custom content contained not supported content entity.

> * Fixed a bug in **format** command when the command switched 'yes', 'no' string to boolean.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a bug in **format** command in which boolean strings  (e.g. 'yes' or 'no') were converted to boolean values (e.g. 'True' or 'False').
```

# Changelog
* Added formatting to **generate-docs** command results replacing all <br> tags with <br/>.
* Fixed a bug in the **download** command when custom content contained not supported content entity.
* Fixed a bug in **format** command in which boolean strings  (e.g. 'yes' or 'no') were converted to boolean values (e.g. 'True' or 'False').

> * **format** command now removes *sourceplaybookid* field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **format** command now removes *sourceplaybookid* field from playbook files.
```
